# Feedback Management Application

You can view the website globally [here](https://feedback-management-92e11.web.app)

### For Running locally

```bash
# npm
npm install

npm run build # Just to make sure the server components are built just fine

npm run dev
```

If npm run dev is causing you issues related to firebase-functions not being installed, run this code:

```bash
# npm
npm run fix-build
```

TLDR is nuxt 3 has some issues with firebase, basically we need to go in and remove the node modules and install new ones again, the package.json in .output/server is incorrectly generated by Nitro for the firebase config. But I made this script to fix it for you.

## Hosting/Backend

This application is hosted on Firebase and the Backend is also on Firebase. While the directions did say to use GCP Cloud Functions and Postgresql I was unable to learn this platform in a few hours to complete this project. I did try to make GCP work and was working on it for a few hours. However this was not progressing fast enough. Learning firebase was already a hurdle as I haven't used it before. I could make this serverless entirely in half an hour if I was to use AWS, or Deno Deploy but GCP had too many things to learn in a few hours. I hope this is not too much of an issue, GCP is just very heavy in a short time when you are used to other products.

This project uses the hosting service and firestore from firebase. There is a Firebase cloud function which is used to serve the application which you can see in the firebase.json file. Otherwise we are just using the Nuxt App as a Full Stack application using the Nitro Server. API calls go through our server/api routes which talk directly to our firestore database.

## Other Tech Used

1. Nuxt UI
   - This is used to give me some basic components, the cards, table, input fields ect
2. TailwindCss
   - I used this to improve the look of the app rather than boostrap
3. Zod
   - Zod is a excellent runtime validation tool for JS/TS. I used it for our form submissions as it integrated nicely with the Nuxt UI form group but I use zod in my own projects for all things validation. Zod mixes TS types with type inference and runtime type checking and can't be beat.

## What I learned

1. Nuxt!
   - I started a nuxt project a few days prior to this so I was really learning Nuxt in real time. I really enjoyed Nuxt and would certainly prefer it in the future for all things I do.
2. Firebase
   - I have never used firebase either and while the hosting took longer than expected due to a recent nuxt/firebase bug from a month ago I was able to pick it up fairly fast especially the firestore so I could maintain a DB for the project. I enjoyed firebase and would use it in the future, it doesnt replace Deno Deploy for me however its a close second
3. GCP Cloud Functions
   - While I couldnt use this for my backend in time I was able to learn a lot about Cloud Functions. They worked fairly similair to AWS Lambda and I did stand up the Cloud Functions for this project I just didn't have the database connectivity and functionality working. The deployment of these in particular was much nicer than AWS Lambda.
